# DCOMS Assignment 
  The KGF Group Malaysia, a multinational company which focuses mainly on e-commerce. The e-commerce company is best known for its top selling categories like Baby products, Accessories, Home Appliances and Mobile phones through e-commerce platform. At present, the company is using a ODS (Order Delivery System) to handle product delivery, but they feel that the system did not seem to be an easy-to-use platform and it’s not able to handle product delivery as the demand for products are getting increased day by day. So, they would like to have a **ODS (Order Delivery System)** that eliminates the current shortfalls and take control of delivery operations, increase revenue, and delight customers with a single, easy to use platform. 

## **Task:**
Your team is assigned with a task to design, develop & implement a ODS (Order Delivery System) for the e-commerce company KGF using RMI, a distributed computing technology. This involves writing both the server and the client program. Client program can use either a command line interface or a graphical user interface. The system should allow the customer to register an account with the First Name, Last Name and IC/Passport number.  If the username already exists, then the system should notify the user to enter a different username. Once the account registration is successful, the system should allow the customers to order the items and a report should be generated accordingly (IN TERMS OF COMPANY). You may use any other Java collection or external database of your choice to develop the system. Also, the system should make sure that the communication between the customer and the ODS is secured.

## **Notes:**
-The tools are not limited to the above scenario, you can propose any tool such as Netbeans IDE, Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA, etc.
-You can choose only JAVA programming language to develop your system also you can choose any database or file system. 
-It is required to develop client server based distributed application using RMI. 
